## Page Structure
Demos are divided into pages divided into these files `src/demos/*.rs`. 
Each page should cover a category of component. 
For example the Button page may cover ButtonGroups, specific kind of buttons etc.
The page subdivisions are called Examples and are partially code-generated with the `#[generate_codeblock(...Example)]` proc macro. 
The proc macro annotated functions that become an Example are named a `...Demo`. 

Together these can look as follows:
- `ButtonPage` - Component constructing the different examples into a column layout.
  - *`DeleteButtonExample`* - Generated by proc macro
    - `DeleteButtonDemo` - Component containing the related demonstration.
  - *`AddButtonExample`*
    - `AddButtonDemo`

Lastly pages contain a list of parameter-tables of the used components that users may reference.
These tables are luckily also proc-macro `#[generate_docs]` generated functions, but reside next to the component in the leptos-components crate.

As a result the page component is structured as follows, with the italic components having been generated.
- `ButtonPage` - Component constructing the different examples into a column layout.
  - *`DeleteButtonExample`* - Generated by proc macro
    - `DeleteButtonDemo` - Component containing the related demonstration.
  - *`AddButtonExample`*
    - `AddButtonDemo`
  - *`leptos_components::button::DeleteButtonDocs`*
  - *`leptos_components::button::AddButtonDocs`*

## `build.rs`
 - Runs `cargo run codegen` to generate `.tailwind` for tailwind's class generation.
 - Generates `src/generated_demolist.rs` containing a list of all demos to construct routes and sidebar entries programatically. 
   - Allows for easy alfabetical sorting and reduces maintenance burden of adding/removing entries.
